We started the semester with the idea that we would rebuild the app so we could gain a better understanding of how 
the app works and the organization of the app. Upon trying this for a few weeks, we realized that we were kind of 
taking too many steps back and making mistakes that the previous app developers had already made. So we decided to 
utilize the current app and continue making changes to improve it. We started working with Microsoft’s material and 
design methods to make the app comply with Microsoft guidelines and appear more user-friendly. Sam worked on creating 
a bottom sheet layout to display the questions for each spectra. Sam began by trying to implement the bottom sheet 
directly into the current app, but found some difficulties with rendering problems. After searching the internet and 
asking for assistance, she decided to create the bottom sheet in a separate app and was successful. But she realized 
that in this separate app, the bottom sheet layout was created within the MainActivity rather than a fragment so that
may have been why it worked. She has been working on trying to implement the bottom sheet within a fragment (still in 
the separate app) to see if she is able to do that. The hope is that determining how to do this in a separate app will 
allow her to understand it better and be able to recreate the bottom sheet in the actual NMR app. 

As of now we are able to grab images in webview format. This is becoming a challenge for us because by using webview we 
are unable to link buttons that will allow users to receive different type of graph or spectrums, such as IR,NMR, and CNMR. 
Right now the approach is to rewrite the spectra and main activity to display actual images instead of webview format. We hope 
that in this format, we will be able to link buttons with images and display them once a button is clicked. 

So, the plan is to complete the bottom sheet and link buttons with different spectra to display on the spectra page. 
After the completion of this, we will be able to re-organize the app and add questions to the app.  
